Allow set a Array of Path on Preview Mailers Path (#42710)
rails/rails: actionmailer/CHANGELOG.md

    *André Luis Leal Cardoso Junior*

> *   Allow pass a Array of string to preview_path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Allow passing an array of strings to preview_path

    This is now possible:

    ```ruby
    config.action_mailer.preview_path = [
      "#{Foo::Engine.root}/test/mailers/previews",
      "#{Bar::Engine.root}/test/mailers/previews"
    ]
    ```
```
